Facts about the data:

1. Each row has 3 datapoints: Timestamp, Price, Units Traded
2. Timestamp is in format YYYYMMDD:HH:MM:SS.SSSSSS (seconds as float to capture microsecond)
3. Price is float
4. Units Traded is integer
5. Price and Units can be zero or negative
6. Timestamps:  -can be duplicate
				-not in order
				-difference between two consecutive timestamps can be as large as possible
7. Data is a stream of network data packets
8. Prices and Units can increase significantly so should not be taken as noise outright, instead should be first checked for any reason for the spike

Facts about network latency:

1. Network latency is in milliseconds
2. Latency should not exceed more than 2-3 seconds considering the packet travels the largest distance

Check points:

1. All three items in a row should be in right format
2. The Price and Units Traded should not be zero or negative and should be within 2 standard deviations from mean
3. Rows with duplicate timestamps should be removed as those are unreliable and we have no mechanism to check which one is real data
4. Two consecutive rows should have timestamps within 3 seconds range

Process:
SCRUB: Parallel
Sequential Step 1: 3 Steps will run in parallel in this step
    Step 1: Divide file into nominal blocks
    Step 2: Adjust block start and end to get the final blocks to be processed by each node
    Step 3: Get the count of lines in each block
    Step 4: Broadcast count/ once each block gets the line count they should send it to root node

Sequential Step 2: Once each node provides the line count, root node will calculate the index of first tick in each block

Sequential Step 3: Root node will send the index to each node and then they will start further processing

Sequential Step 4: Information with each node: Block start and end, file, index of the first row in block
Each node processes their block as follows
    Step 1: Parse data in chunks of size 10000 (about 200 rows) and create objects of class Ticks with 3 features as in file and index
    Step 2: For each chunk check the format. If incorrect format, write index to noise
    Step 3: Check for network latency, relative price and unit using standard deviation (price and unit should be within 2 std deviations)
    Step 4: The ticks that get past all checks will be signals so sort them in order of timestamp and add them to signal


NORMAL: Parallel
Test for log normality of returns: mean = median, 68% data in 1 std deviation, 95% data in 2 std deviations
and 99% data in 3 std deviations, kurtosis <= 3, skewness

Step 1: Divide data in blocks and get the index of first row in each block (as done in scrub.py)
Step 2: Divide the sorted noise file and give it as a list of indexes to each block for further processing with rows from that block only
Step 3: Read each block iteratively in chunks (as done in scrub.py) disregarding the rows in noise
Step 4: Compute log return for each row starting from 2nd to the second last row in block. Since each block will work independently, each block will have one row for which return cannot be computed as it wont have the next price. With this we will loose 2*number of nodes data points which will be significantly less than the complete data so wont make any difference.
Step 5: Compute statistics of a normal distribution for each block. Assuming returns to be log normal, the log returns should follow rules of normal distribution. If each block has same values, we can consider the dataset to have log normal returns.


Logging:
Python logging levels from least to highest in terms of logging information

Level	Numeric value
CRITICAL	50
ERROR	40
WARNING	30
INFO	20
DEBUG	10
NOTSET	0

Default logging level given by me: Error
To change logging level define it via command line: mpirun -n 5 python SCRUB.py data.txt --log=info
Raises ValueError if incorrect logging level provided
Currently logs:
times in info mode and
tick index of noise and reason for tick to be noise in debug


Memory Profiling:
